Resolve easy issues (#7)
ietf-wg-keytrans/draft-arch: draft-ietf-keytrans-architecture.md

Key Transparency (KT) solves this problem by requiring the service operator to
store user public keys in a cryptographically-protected append-only log. Any
malicious entries added to such a log will generally be equally visible to both
the key's owner and the owner's contacts,

> in which case a user can detect that they're being impersonated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in which case a user can detect that they are being impersonated
```

   returns the corresponding value and a proof of inclusion.
2. **Update:** Adds a new key-value pair to the log, for which the server
   returns a proof of inclusion. Note that this means that new values are added

>    to the log immediately, and no provisional inclusion proof (like an SCT in {{RFC6962}}) is provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   to the log immediately, and no provisional inclusion proof, such as an SCT as defined in {{Section 4.4 of RFC9162}} is provided.
```

| Third-Party Management | Yes                      | No            |
{: title="Comparison of deployment modes" }

Applications that rely on a Transparency Log deployed in Contact Monitoring mode
MUST regularly engage in out-of-band communication
({{out-of-band-communication}}) to ensure that they detect forks in a timely
manner.

Applications that rely on a Transparency Log deployed in either of the
third-party modes SHOULD allow users to enable a "Contact Monitoring Mode". This
mode, which affects only the individual client's behavior, would cause the
client to behave as if its Transparency Log was deployed in Contact Monitoring

> mode. As such, it would start retaining state about previously looked-up keys

Reviewer: perhaps "resolved" instead of "looked-up" ?
